charts/csi-secret-provider-class/README.md, before:

# csi-secret-provider-class

![Version: 0.1.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.1.1-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.1.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.1.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart to create a SecretProviderClass resource

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/csi-secret-provider-class>

## Maintainers
This chart is maintained by [Adfinis](https://adfinis.com/?pk_campaign=github&pk_kwd=helm-charts).

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts>

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.adfinis.com | common | 0.0.5 |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| parameters | object | `{}` | parameters for provider |
| parametersTpl | string | raw values from `parameters` | template to generate parameters |
| provider | string | `nil` | specify secret provider |
| secretObjects | list | `[]` | secretObjects for for SecretProviderClass |
| secretObjectsTpl | string | raw values from `secretObjects` | template to generate secretObjects |

## About this chart

Adfinis fights for a software world that is more open, where the quality is
better and where software must be accessible to everyone. This chart
is part of the action behind this commitment. Feel free to
[contact](https://adfinis.com/kontakt/?pk_campaign=github&pk_kwd=helm-charts)
us if you have any questions.

## License

This Helm chart is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
version 3 of the License.

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/)

Commit message:

feat(dummyDeployment): addition (#175)
* feat(dummyDeployment): addition

Signed-off-by: Toni Tauro <toni.tauro@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/values.yaml

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>

* fix(_helpers.tpl): remove uneeded template functions

Signed-off-by: Toni Tauro <toni.tauro@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/values.yaml

Co-authored-by: Lukas Grossar <lukas.grossar@adfinis.com>

* docs(README.md): pre-commit run -a

Signed-off-by: Toni Tauro <toni.tauro@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/values.yaml

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/values.yaml

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/templates/deployment.yaml

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/templates/deployment.yaml

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>

* feat(ci/default-vaules.yaml): add dummyDeployment=true

Signed-off-by: Toni Tauro <toni.tauro@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/README.md

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/values.yaml

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/values.yaml

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>

* Update charts/csi-secret-provider-class/values.yaml

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>

* docs(README.md): pre-commit run -a

Signed-off-by: Toni Tauro <toni.tauro@adfinis.com>

Co-authored-by: Lucas Bickel <lucas.bickel@adfinis.com>
Co-authored-by: Lukas Grossar <lukas.grossar@adfinis.com>

charts/csi-secret-provider-class/README.md, after:

# csi-secret-provider-class

![Version: 0.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.2.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 0.2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-0.2.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart to create a SecretProviderClass resource

**Homepage:** <https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts/tree/master/charts/csi-secret-provider-class>

## Maintainers
This chart is maintained by [Adfinis](https://adfinis.com/?pk_campaign=github&pk_kwd=helm-charts).

## Source Code

* <https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts>

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| https://charts.adfinis.com | common | 0.0.6 |

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| dummyDeployment.affinity | object | `{}` | sets affinity rules on the  deployment |
| dummyDeployment.enabled | bool | `false` | enable the dummy deployment |
| dummyDeployment.image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` | When to pull the container image |
| dummyDeployment.image.repository | string | `"k8s.gcr.io/pause"` | Container image to deploy |
| dummyDeployment.image.tag | string | `"3.4.1"` | sets the image tag to use |
| dummyDeployment.nodeSelector | object | `{}` | sets a nodeSelector on the  deployment |
| dummyDeployment.podAnnotations | object | `{}` | sets Pod annotations on the deployment |
| dummyDeployment.resources | object | `{}` | sets resources like limits and requests on the  deployment |
| dummyDeployment.tolerations | list | `[]` | sets tolerations on the  deployment |
| parameters | object | `{}` | parameters for provider |
| parametersTpl | string | raw values from `parameters` | template to generate parameters |
| provider | string | `nil` | specify secret provider |
| secretObjects | list | `[]` | secretObjects for for SecretProviderClass |
| secretObjectsTpl | string | raw values from `secretObjects` | template to generate secretObjects |

## About this chart

Adfinis fights for a software world that is more open, where the quality is
better and where software must be accessible to everyone. This chart
is part of the action behind this commitment. Feel free to
[contact](https://adfinis.com/kontakt/?pk_campaign=github&pk_kwd=helm-charts)
us if you have any questions.

## License

This Helm chart is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms
of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation,
version 3 of the License.

----------------------------------------------
Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/)
