charts/argoconfig/README.md, before:

argoconfig
==========
Configure an Argo CD AppProject and Application

Current chart version is `0.3.0`

Source code can be found [here](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts)



## Chart Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| appProject.clusterResourceWhitelist[0].group | string | `"*"` | API groups to whitelist |
| appProject.clusterResourceWhitelist[0].kind | string | `"*"` | API kind to whitelist |
| appProject.destinations[0].namespace | string | `"*"` | Destination namespace to allow |
| appProject.destinations[0].server | string | `"*"` | Destination server to allow |
| appProject.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable creating an AppProject resource |
| appProject.namespace | string | `"argocd"` | Namespace for AppProject resource |
| appProject.sourceRepos | list | `["*"]` | Source repos to allow |
| application.destination.namespace | string | `"default"` | Target namespace of application in Argo CD |
| application.destination.server | string | `"https://kubernetes.default.svc"` | Target cluster in Argo CD |
| application.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable creating an Application resource |
| application.namespace | string | `"argocd"` | Namespace for Application resource |
| application.projectOverride | string | Fullname | Name of AppProject to install into |
| application.source.chart | string | `""` | Name of chart in source repo |
| application.source.repoURL | string | `""` | URL of sourece repo |
| application.source.targetRevision | string | `"*"` | Revision of chart in source repo to install |
| application.syncPolicy | object | deactivated | Application [Sync Policy](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-cd/user-guide/auto_sync/) |
| cluster.clusterNameOverride | string | `nil` | Override name of the cluster |
| cluster.config | object | `{}` | Cluster config (ie. contents of a KUBECONFIG) |
| cluster.enabled | bool | `false` | Create a cluster config secret |
| cluster.server | string | `"https://kubernetes.default.svc"` | Cluster URL used by Argo CD to connect to the cluster |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override fullname |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override names |

Commit message:

:bug: (argoconfig) proper namespace in cluster secret

charts/argoconfig/README.md, after:

argoconfig
==========
Configure an Argo CD AppProjects, Applications and more

Current chart version is `0.3.1`

Source code can be found [here](https://github.com/adfinis-sygroup/helm-charts)



## Chart Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| appProject.clusterResourceWhitelist[0].group | string | `"*"` | API groups to whitelist |
| appProject.clusterResourceWhitelist[0].kind | string | `"*"` | API kind to whitelist |
| appProject.destinations[0].namespace | string | `"*"` | Destination namespace to allow |
| appProject.destinations[0].server | string | `"*"` | Destination server to allow |
| appProject.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable creating an AppProject resource |
| appProject.namespace | string | `"argocd"` | Namespace for AppProject resource |
| appProject.sourceRepos | list | `["*"]` | Source repos to allow |
| application.destination.namespace | string | `"default"` | Target namespace of application in Argo CD |
| application.destination.server | string | `"https://kubernetes.default.svc"` | Target cluster in Argo CD |
| application.enabled | bool | `true` | Enable creating an Application resource |
| application.namespace | string | `"argocd"` | Namespace for Application resource |
| application.projectOverride | string | Fullname | Name of AppProject to install into |
| application.source.chart | string | `""` | Name of chart in source repo |
| application.source.repoURL | string | `""` | URL of sourece repo |
| application.source.targetRevision | string | `"*"` | Revision of chart in source repo to install |
| application.syncPolicy | object | deactivated | Application [Sync Policy](https://argoproj.github.io/argo-cd/user-guide/auto_sync/) |
| cluster.clusterNameOverride | string | `nil` | Override name of the cluster |
| cluster.config | object | `{}` | Cluster config (ie. contents of a KUBECONFIG) |
| cluster.enabled | bool | `false` | Create a cluster config secret |
| cluster.namespace | string | `"argocd"` | Namespace to put the cluster config secret into |
| cluster.server | string | `"https://kubernetes.default.svc"` | Cluster URL used by Argo CD to connect to the cluster |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` | Override fullname |
| nameOverride | string | `""` | Override names |
